FR #1090: Add metadata support for Datasets (#1351)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/appendix/metadata_examples/dataset_example.md

# Dataset Metadata Example

## Scenario

> ACME provides two FOCUS datasets: Cost and Usage and Contract. Each [Schema](#schema). Each schema metadat object includes the Dataset metadat to indicate which Focus Dataset the Schema conforms with.

Reviewer: Editorial change:

```suggestion
ACME provides two FOCUS datasets: Cost and Usage and Contract. Each [Schema](#schema) metadata object includes the [Dataset](#dataset) metadata to indicate which FOCUS Dataset the Schema conforms to.
```
